foobar2k/readme.md, before:

# foobar2000 Media Player for Home Assistant
A Home Assistant Python library to control [foobar2000](http://www.foobar2000.org/) media player from within Home Assistant. It relies on [HyperBlast beefweb web interface for foobar2000](https://github.com/hyperblast/beefweb).

## Setup
* Copy the `foobar2k` directory to your `custom_components` folder for Home Assistant.
* Add the following config to your `configuration.yaml` file.
  ```yaml
  media_player:
    - platform: foobar2k
      host: <ip_address>
      name: My Foobar Server
      timeout: 2
      port: <port>
  ``` 
 * Restart Home Assistant
 * The foobar2k media player should work with any media player front end. It has been tested with the excellent [Minimalistic media card](https://github.com/kalkih/mini-media-player). The settings I use are:
 ```yaml
    - type: custom:mini-media-player
      entity: media_player.my_foobar_server    
      volume_stateless: false
      artwork: full-cover-fit
      source: icon
      sound_mode: full
      hide:
         name: true
         icon: true   
         shuffle: false
         sound_mode: false
```
 
## Thank you
Big thanks to `ed0zer-projects` who first created a foobar2000 player for Home Assistant. They use `foo_httpcontrol` but I wanted to go with the REST API as supplied by [HyperBlast beefweb web interface for foobar2000](https://github.com/hyperblast/beefweb). In anycase I used `ed0zer-projects` implementation as a high level guide. Also thank you `HyperBlast` for the REST Api to foobar2000.

Commit message:

implement config_flow. Change from sync to async. General tidy up.

foobar2k/readme.md, after:

# foobar2000 Media Player for Home Assistant

A Home Assistant Python library to control [foobar2000](http://www.foobar2000.org/) media player from within Home Assistant. It relies on [HyperBlast beefweb web interface for foobar2000](https://github.com/hyperblast/beefweb).

## Setup

* Copy the contents of the `foobar2k` directory to your `custom_components` folder in Home Assistant. Configuration is now via UI only. Provide the url and port where Foobar 2000 is running.
* The foobar2k media player should work with any media player front end. It has been tested with the excellent [Minimalistic media card](https://github.com/kalkih/mini-media-player). The settings I use are:
 ```yaml
    - type: custom:mini-media-player
      entity: media_player.my_foobar_server
      volume_stateless: false
      artwork: full-cover-fit
      source: icon
      sound_mode: full
      hide:
         name: true
         icon: true   
         shuffle: false
         sound_mode: false
```

## Thank you

Big thanks to `ed0zer-projects` who first created a foobar2000 player for Home Assistant. They used `foo_httpcontrol` but I wanted to go with the REST API as supplied by [HyperBlast beefweb web interface for foobar2000](https://github.com/hyperblast/beefweb). In any case I used `ed0zer-projects` implementation as a high level guide. Also thank you `HyperBlast` for the REST Api to foobar2000.
